* In 2018, WEMWBS mean scores varied significantly by age with scores decreasing between the youngest and the middle-age groups, and then increasing again in older age groups. As in previous years, those aged 65-74 had the highest WEMWBS mean score (51.6) and those aged 35-44 had the lowest mean score (48.4).
* In 2018, among men, mean WEMWBS scores dropped from 50.7 among those aged 16-24 to a low of 47.2 among those 35-44. Mean WEMWBS scores then gradually increased to a peak of 51.7 among men aged 65-74. For women, WEMWBS mean scores were lowest for those aged 16-24 (48.2). There were only minor fluctuations in the scores of those aged 25-64 (49.1 to 49.6), before scores increased to a peak in those aged 65-74 (51.4).
* In 2018, the percentage of adults with a GHQ-12 score of four or more (indicative of a possible psychiatric disorder) significantly decreased with age. Of those aged 16-24, 24% had a GHQ-12 score of four or more, prevalence ranged between 20% and 21% for those aged 25-64 and then significantly decreased to 13% among those aged 75 and above. 
* In 2018, the percentage of adults with a GHQ-12 score of zero (indicative of good psychological wellbeing and no evident symptoms of mental distress) significantly increased with age. Forty-two percent of those aged 16-24 had a GHQ-12 score of zero, significantly increasing to 62% among those aged 65-74. Consistent with previous years there was then a decline in the percentage of adults with a score of zero among those aged 75+ (56%).

