* In 2018, there were significant differences in smoking prevalence by age group, as seen in previous years. Those aged 25-54 had the highest prevalence (22-24%). This compared to about a fifth (19%) of those aged 16-24, 16% of those aged 55-64, 13% of those aged 65-74 and 9% of those aged 75 and over.
*  In 2018, the mean number of cigarettes smoked per day among current smokers increased with age up to age 65-74, from 7.8 among those aged 16-24 to 16.2 among those aged 65-74. There was a subsequent decline to an average of 13.3 cigarettes per day among those aged 75 and over.
*  In 2018, there was a significant association between age and previous smoking status. The proportion of ex-smokers was highest among those in the older age groups and there was a corresponding decline by age in the proportion of those that had never smoked regularly. Around a third (34%) of adults aged 65 and over reported being an ex-smoker, with 53-57% never having been a regular smoker. This is compared with adults aged 16-24, of whom 3% reported being ex-smokers and 79% having never having been a regular smoker.
* In 2018, the use of nicotine gum, nicotine patches, a nasal spray/nicotine inhaler or lozenges/microtabs varied by age, with higher proportions of middle aged adults using them (24-35% of those aged 25-74) than younger (12% of those aged 16-24) or older adults (18% of those aged 75 and over).  
* As in previous years, e-cigarette use in 2018 varied significantly with age. The prevalence of e-cigarette use was highest among the middle age groups (8-11% among those aged 25-54) and lower for the youngest (5% among those aged 16-24) and older adults (1-6% for those aged 55 and over).


